colab.md, before:


## 🦒 Colab

## Text Generation Web UI
[WebUI Text Gen Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/kyledinh/gpt-prive/blob/main/notebooks/webui-text-gen.ipynb)
[https://github.com/oobabooga/text-generation-webui](https://github.com/oobabooga/text-generation-webui) 

<br><hr><br>

Language Model                                                                                  | Open in Colab
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
vicuna-13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://vicuna.lmsys.org                                       | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/vicuna-13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
vicuna-13B-1.1-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://vicuna.lmsys.org                                   | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/vicuna-13B-1.1-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
stable-vicuna-13B-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://huggingface.co/CarperAI/stable-vicuna-13b-delta | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/stable-vicuna-13B-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
gpt4-x-alpaca-13b-native-4bit-128g <br /> https://huggingface.co/chavinlo/gpt4-x-alpaca         | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/gpt4-x-alpaca-13b-native-4bit-128g.ipynb)
pyg-7b-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://huggingface.co/Neko-Institute-of-Science/pygmalion-7b      | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/pyg-7b-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
koala-13B-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://bair.berkeley.edu/blog/2023/04/03/koala                 | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/koala-13B-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
oasst-llama13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://open-assistant.io                                  | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/oasst-llama13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
mpt-storywriter-7b-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://www.mosaicml.com                               | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/mpt-storywriter-7b-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
wizard-lm-uncensored-13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://github.com/nlpxucan/WizardLM             | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/wizard-lm-uncensored-13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
pyg-13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://huggingface.co/PygmalionAI/pygmalion-13b                  | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/pyg-13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
falcon-7b-instruct-GPTQ-4bit <br /> https://falconllm.tii.ae/                                   | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/falcon-7b-instruct-GPTQ-4bit.ipynb)
wizard-lm-uncensored-7b-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://github.com/nlpxucan/WizardLM              | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/wizard-lm-uncensored-7b-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)





## Models License

Model                              | License
-----------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
vicuna-13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g          | From https://vicuna.lmsys.org: The online demo is a research preview intended for non-commercial use only, subject to the model <br> [License](https://github.com/facebookresearch/llama/blob/main/MODEL_CARD.md) of LLaMA, Terms of Use of the data generated by OpenAI, and Privacy Practices of ShareGPT. Please contact us If you find any potential violation. The code is released under the Apache License 2.0.
gpt4-x-alpaca-13b-native-4bit-128g | https://huggingface.co/chavinlo/alpaca-native -> https://huggingface.co/chavinlo/alpaca-13b -> https://huggingface.co/chavinlo/gpt4-x-alpaca


<br><hr><br>

## Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgA7eKU1XuA

Commit message:

finetuning with falco-7b with colab

colab.md, after:


## 🦒 Colab

## Text Generation Web UI
[WebUI Text Gen Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/kyledinh/gpt-prive/blob/main/notebooks/webui-text-gen.ipynb) :
[https://github.com/oobabooga/text-generation-webui](https://github.com/oobabooga/text-generation-webui) 

<br>

## Finetune LLM 
[Train Falcon 7b with ChatGPT to generate dataset](https://colab.research.google.com/github/kyledinh/gpt-prive/blob/main/notebooks/falcon-7b-finetune-midjourney-falcon.ipynb) : 
[YouTube Video: "okay, but I want GPT to perform 10x for my specific use case"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9zv369Ggfk)

<br>

## Training
[Train Falcon 7b with Guanaco dataset on Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/kyledinh/gpt-prive/blob/main/notebooks/falcon-7gb-sharded-llm-guanaco-dataset.ipynb) : 
[YouTube Video: "How to Instruct Fine-Tuning Falcon-7B"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PlPqSc3jM0)

<br><hr><br>

Language Model                                                                                  | Open in Colab
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
vicuna-13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://vicuna.lmsys.org                                       | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/vicuna-13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
vicuna-13B-1.1-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://vicuna.lmsys.org                                   | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/vicuna-13B-1.1-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
stable-vicuna-13B-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://huggingface.co/CarperAI/stable-vicuna-13b-delta | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/stable-vicuna-13B-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
gpt4-x-alpaca-13b-native-4bit-128g <br /> https://huggingface.co/chavinlo/gpt4-x-alpaca         | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/gpt4-x-alpaca-13b-native-4bit-128g.ipynb)
pyg-7b-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://huggingface.co/Neko-Institute-of-Science/pygmalion-7b      | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/pyg-7b-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
koala-13B-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://bair.berkeley.edu/blog/2023/04/03/koala                 | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/koala-13B-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
oasst-llama13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://open-assistant.io                                  | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/oasst-llama13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
mpt-storywriter-7b-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://www.mosaicml.com                               | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/mpt-storywriter-7b-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
wizard-lm-uncensored-13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://github.com/nlpxucan/WizardLM             | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/wizard-lm-uncensored-13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
pyg-13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://huggingface.co/PygmalionAI/pygmalion-13b                  | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/pyg-13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)
falcon-7b-instruct-GPTQ-4bit <br /> https://falconllm.tii.ae/                                   | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/falcon-7b-instruct-GPTQ-4bit.ipynb)
wizard-lm-uncensored-7b-GPTQ-4bit-128g <br /> https://github.com/nlpxucan/WizardLM              | [![Open In Colab](./assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/camenduru/text-generation-webui-colab/blob/main/wizard-lm-uncensored-7b-GPTQ-4bit-128g.ipynb)





## Models License

Model                              | License
-----------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
vicuna-13b-GPTQ-4bit-128g          | From https://vicuna.lmsys.org: The online demo is a research preview intended for non-commercial use only, subject to the model <br> [License](https://github.com/facebookresearch/llama/blob/main/MODEL_CARD.md) of LLaMA, Terms of Use of the data generated by OpenAI, and Privacy Practices of ShareGPT. Please contact us If you find any potential violation. The code is released under the Apache License 2.0.
gpt4-x-alpaca-13b-native-4bit-128g | https://huggingface.co/chavinlo/alpaca-native -> https://huggingface.co/chavinlo/alpaca-13b -> https://huggingface.co/chavinlo/gpt4-x-alpaca


<br><hr><br>

## Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgA7eKU1XuA
